Web login timeout (#873)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/ssl-certs.adoc

----

If you use bootstrap, remember to also update your bootstrap scripts to reflect the new certificate information.

== Replace Certificates with a Third Party Certificiate

You can replace active certificates on your {productname} installation with a new third party certificate.
To replace the certificates, you can replace the installed CA certificate RPM with a new RPM containing the third party certificate, and then update the database.

> This procedure is similar to the one described in "Create and Replace CA and Server Certificates" with the difference, that we import the certificates generated by an external PKI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure is similar to the one described in xref:administration:ssl-certs.adoc#custom-ssl-create-replace-cert[] with the difference, that we import the certificates generated by an external PKI.
```
I'm not sure whether within files we can use the simple `<<custom-ssl-create-replace-cert>>` technique.

.Procedure: Replacing Existing Certificates

. On the {productname} Server, at the command prompt, move the old certificate directory to a backup location:
+
----
mv /root/ssl-build /root/old-ssl-build
----

. Generate a CA certificate RPM from the new certificate:
+
----
rhn-ssl-tool --gen-ca --rpm-only --dir="/root/ssl-build" --from-ca-cert=<Path_to_CA_Certificate>
----

. Generate a new server certificate RPM:
+
----
rhn-ssl-tool --gen-server --rpm-only --dir="/root/ssl-build" --from-server-key=<Server_Key_File> --from-server-cert=<Server_Cert_File>
----
+
This command might end with a warning that the server certificate request file could not be found.
This file is not required, but you can provide it, by copying it into the server directory as `server.csr`.
+
----
cp <Certificate_Request_File>.csr /root/ssl-build/<Server_Name>/server.csr
----
+
When you repeat the command to generate the server certificate RPM, the warning should not be shown anymore.

> Now you have an ssl-build directory similar to the one generated by "Procedure: Creating New Certificates" from the chapter before.

Reviewer: proper xrefs wanted...
